# LeetCode Solutions
This repository contains source code for all of my solutions to LeetCode in **Java**. They are completely original; any similarities to solutions on the Internet or on the LeetCode forums are mere coincidence.

## Why I created this repository
Back when I started submitting solutions to LeetCode questions in 2021, I considered uploading my solutions to GitHub; a quick Google search proved that others did the same. However, I realized it to be unnecessary, as LeetCode automatically maintains submissions in their database. As time passed and I continued to solve LeetCode problems, I found myself looking at the forums for solutions and falsely convincing myself that I would have thought of the same solution. This concept is discussed frequently in *A Mind for Numbers* by Barbara Oakley. *A Mind for Numbers* is a book that teaches readers how to learn more effectively, particularly when it comes to topics in math and science, although the learning techniques can be applied to anything. In chapter 4, Professor Oakley (almost a Pokémon reference) distinguishes true learning from "understanding," and how illusions of learning may trick us into believing that we have learned something. For example, reading a textbook solution may convince you that you've learned something, when in reality, your brain will often rationalize (which is likely no exception here) your ability to have arrived at the same conclusion/solution.

So, in the summer of 2022, going into my junior year of university, I've decided to embark on a new journey, solving coding problems honestly (to myself). Rather than expediently solving problems with the help of YouTube or forum solutions, I will limit myself to searching up syntax or general problem-solving methodologies, rather than solutions to the specific problems themselves.